components required 

1)Arduino : quantity 2 (arduino1,arduino2)
2)RF Transmitter
3)RF Recevier 
4)push button
5)gsm
6)gps
7)ESP-01 module
8)realy
9)key
10)motor
11)MQ-3 alcohol sensor
12)ADXL sensor
13)voltage divider


connection details:

1)Transmitter part:

  a)Adxl sensor	       : vcc of ADXL is connected to vcc(+ or 5v) of voltage divider.
	  	 	 gnd of adxl is connected to gnd(- or 0v) of voltage divider.
	  	 	 x,y,z axis or pins of Adxl is connected to analog pins of arduino as declared in code. 

  b)MQ-3 Alcohol sensor: vcc of MQ-3 sensor is connected to vcc(+ or 5v) of voltage divider.
			 gnd of MQ-3 sensor is connected to gnd(- or 0v) of voltage divider.
		         A0 pin of MQ-3 is connected to the analog pin of arduino as declared in code.

  c)push button        : vcc of push button is connected to vcc(+ or 5v) of voltage divider.
		 	 gnd of push button is connected to gnd(- or 0v) of voltage divider.
		 	 out pin or a pin of push button is connected to digital pin of arduino as declared in code.

  d)RF Transmitter     : vcc of RF Transmitter is connected to vcc(+ or 5v) of voltage divider.
			 gnd of RF Transmitter is connected to gnd(- or 0v) of voltage divider.
			 D1,D2,D3 pins of RF Transmitter is connected to digital pins of arduino as declared in code.

  e)Arduino1           : vcc or 5v of arduino board is connected to vcc(+ or 5v) of voltage divider.
			 gnd of arduino board is connected to the gnd(- or 0v) of voltagr divider.
			 connect USB port of arduino is connected to USB port of the computer.

2)Receiver part:

  a)RF Receiver	       : vcc of RF Receiver is connected to vcc(+ or 5v) of voltage divider.
			 gnd of RF Receiver is connected to gnd(- or 0v) of voltage divider.
			 D1,D2,D3 pins of RF Receiver is connected to digital pins of arduino as declared in code.

  b)GSM		       : Supply is given to the GSM through a adapter.
			 gnd of GSM module is connected to the gnd of Arduino board.
			 RX pin of GSM module is connected to the TX pin of Arduino board.

  c)ESP-01	       : vcc of Esp-01 module is connected to 3.3v pin of Arduino board.
			 gnd of Esp-01 is connected to the gnd of Arduino board.
			 RX pin of Esp-01 pin is connected to digitalpin of TX of arduino as declared in code.
			 TX pin of Esp-01 pin is connected to digitalpin of RX of arduino as declared in code.

  d)Relay	       : vcc of relay is connected to the vcc of Arduino board.
			 gnd of relay is connected to rhe gnd of Arduino board.
			 out pin of relay is connected to the digital pin of arduino as declared in code.
			 com pin of relay is connected to vcc(5v) of Arduino board or vcc(+) of voltage of voltage divider.
			 NO(Normally opened) pin of relay is connected to any one terminal of key.
			
  e)key		       : any one terminal of key is connected to NO(normally opened) pin of relay.
			 other terminal of key is connected  to positive terminal of motor.

  f)motor	       : positive terminal of motor is connected to other terminal of key.
			 negative terminal of motor is connected to gnd of arduino board.

  G)GPS module         : vcc of Gps module is connected to the vcc pin of Arduino board.
			 gnd of Gps module is connected to the gnd pin of Arduino board.
			 Tx pin of Gps module is connected to the Rx pin of Arduino board.

  

  
    